NN 118 (#6464)
mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android: CHANGELOG.md

- Marked `MapboxSpeedLimitView`, `MapboxStatusView`, `MapboxTripProgressView`, `MapboxSoundButton` methods with `@UiThread` annotation. [#6272](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6272)
- Marked `InfoPanelBinder`, `NavigationView`, `NavigationViewApi` methods with `@UiThread` annotation. [#6269](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6269)
- Marked `MapboxExitText`, `MapboxLaneGuidance`, `MapboxLaneGuidanceAdapter`, `MapboxManeuverView`, `MapboxPrimaryManeuver`, `MapboxSecondaryManeuver`, `MapboxStepDistance`, `MapboxSubManeuver`, `MapboxTurnIconManeuver`, `MapboxUpcomingManeuverAdapter` methods with `@UiThread` annotation. [#6270](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6270)

> - Improved alternatives route processing. `MapboxNavigation#setNavigationRoutes` doesn't accept alternatives which don't deviate from primary route or which have different destinations. Not accepted alternatives will be present in `RoutesSetSuccess.ignoredAlternatives` and won't have alternatives metadata. [#6464](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6464)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :warning: Improved alternatives route processing. `MapboxNavigation#setNavigationRoutes` doesn't accept alternatives which don't deviate from primary route or which have different destinations. Not accepted alternatives will be present in `RoutesSetSuccess.ignoredAlternatives` and won't have alternatives metadata. [#6464](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6464)
```

> - Fixed false detection of passed alternatives that led to their removal. [#6464](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6464)

Author: @DenisPryt , @AudasViator , did I understand correctly what you guys did with alternatives in NN 117?

- Marked `InfoPanelBinder`, `NavigationView`, `NavigationViewApi` methods with `@UiThread` annotation. [#6269](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6269)
- Marked `MapboxExitText`, `MapboxLaneGuidance`, `MapboxLaneGuidanceAdapter`, `MapboxManeuverView`, `MapboxPrimaryManeuver`, `MapboxSecondaryManeuver`, `MapboxStepDistance`, `MapboxSubManeuver`, `MapboxTurnIconManeuver`, `MapboxUpcomingManeuverAdapter` methods with `@UiThread` annotation. [#6270](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6270)
- Marked `RouteShieldCallback` methods with `@UiThread` annotation. [#6271](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6271)

> - Updated alternatives route processing. `MapboxNavigation#setNavigationRoutes` doesn't accept alternatives which don't deviate from primary route or which have different destinations. Not accepted alternatives will be present in `RoutesSetSuccess.ignoredAlternatives`. [#6464](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6464)

Reviewer: This is duplicated below.

Author: it's an artefact after rebase, removed

> - Fixed alternatives removing. [#6464](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6464)

Reviewer: Could you elaborate here? This might not be clear enough to developers.

Author: it's an artefact after rebase, removed

- Marked `InfoPanelBinder`, `NavigationView`, `NavigationViewApi` methods with `@UiThread` annotation. [#6269](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6269)
- Marked `MapboxExitText`, `MapboxLaneGuidance`, `MapboxLaneGuidanceAdapter`, `MapboxManeuverView`, `MapboxPrimaryManeuver`, `MapboxSecondaryManeuver`, `MapboxStepDistance`, `MapboxSubManeuver`, `MapboxTurnIconManeuver`, `MapboxUpcomingManeuverAdapter` methods with `@UiThread` annotation. [#6270](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6270)
- Marked `RouteShieldCallback` methods with `@UiThread` annotation. [#6271](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6271)

> - :warning: Improved alternatives route processing. `MapboxNavigation#setNavigationRoutes` doesn't accept alternatives which don't deviate from primary route or which have different destinations. Not accepted alternatives will be present in `RoutesSetSuccess.ignoredAlternatives` and won't have alternatives metadata. [#6464](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6464)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :warning: Improved alternatives route processing. `MapboxNavigation#setNavigationRoutes` doesn't accept alternatives which don't deviate from primary route or which have different destinations. Rejected alternatives will be present in `RoutesSetSuccess.ignoredAlternatives` and won't produce `AlternativeRouteMetadata`. [#6464](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6464)
```

    }
}
```
- :warning: Improved alternatives route processing. `MapboxNavigation#setNavigationRoutes` doesn't accept alternatives which don't deviate from primary route or which have different destinations. Rejected alternatives will be present in `RoutesSetSuccess.ignoredAlternatives` and won't produce `AlternativeRouteMetadata`. [#6464](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6464)
- Fixed false detection of passed alternatives that led to their removal. [#6464](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6464)
- Improved route matching. [#6464](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6464)

> - Updated `LocationMatcherResult#zLevel`, `LocationMatcherResult#road` to have no values during `RouteProgressState#OFF_ROUTE` state. [#6464](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6464)

Reviewer 2: We should probably mention that the known `MapView` crash, mentioned in 2.9.0-beta.1 release notes, was fixed.

Author: Was it fixed? I can't find it in the maps changelog 🤔

Reviewer 2: The error was on Common SDK side and it was fixed in mapbox/mapbox-sdk-common#3116.

Author: Thank you
https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6486/files
